Add missing page description metadata (#260)
hashicorp/terraform-docs-common: website/docs/cloud-docs/vcs/github.mdx

---
page_title: GitHub.com (OAuth) - VCS Providers - Terraform Cloud
description: >-

>   Learn how to use GitHub.com for VCS features, using a per-organization OAuth connection with the permissions of one particular GitHub user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Learn how to use GitHub.com for VCS features, using a per-organization OAuth connection with the permissions of an individual GitHub user.
```
